[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to Beyond Belief.
We've got an amazing
program for you.
Ryan S. Wood is with us,
a leading UFO researcher,
focused on crash retrievals
and the Majestic 12 documents.
Now, he's the author
of Majic Eyes Only,
Earth's Encounters with
Extraterrestrial Technology,
and developed The UFO Decks,
an AI-powered platform for UFO
research and disclosure.
Ryan, you're one of a kind.
Welcome to the program.
>>RYAN S. WOOD: Thanks, George.
It's great to be here,
and happy to share
my insights with the audience.
>>NOORY: And our
condolences to your father.
>>WOOD: Well, thank you.
>>NOORY: He was the best.
>>WOOD: Yeah, he was 96 and
spent 40 years in ufology,
working on the Majestic
documents, along with me,
and their authentication.
>>NOORY: A lot of
us are here today
because of the work of
your father, by the way.
>>WOOD: Thank you.
Yeah, I mean, he,
long ago, recognized
the importance of
these leaked documents,
and trying to authenticate them.
>>NOORY: And a few years ago,
we lost another great ufologist,
Stanton Friedman,
who you met at, what?
15 years old?
>>WOOD: Yeah, I'd say
that's about right, 15.
He was working for my father,
at Douglas Aircraft Company,
on gravity control, not
that he had any ET craft,
but they were doing fundamental
physics research on,
how do you change
the speed of light?
And what's the details
of understanding
the nature of gravity?
So they did experiments.
They did theory.
They even did a regression
hypnosis of abductees and things
like that.
So they had a broad
brush on the phenomenon
and how to understand
the nature of gravity.
And Stan was working
for my father
at Douglas Aircraft Company.
And I met him at dinner.
So that was my early
indoctrination or exposure
to ufology and the
physics of UFOs.
>>NOORY: What kind
of void is there
with the loss of people
like your father and Stanton
Friedman?
>>WOOD: Well,
there's a huge void.
As going through all the
files that my father had,
23 boxes in the
garage and so forth,
you just get a
fresh understanding
of the depth of focus
and understanding
and partnerships and
sophistications that was
going on, that you had no idea.
And so I'm sure Stan
was the same way.
The archivists, going through
Stan's library in Canada,
are probably blown away
at all these relationships
and understandings
that he had, that
weren't obvious to the public.
>>NOORY: The Majestic
12 documents,
tell us what they were and
how they got discovered.
>>WOOD: Well, the
first Majestic document
was in 1984, with a leak of
undeveloped film to Jaime
Shandera, an LA producer,
which is called The Eisenhower
Briefing Document.
And Stan Friedman
did a lot of research
and wrote a book,
Top Secret/Majic,
about that document
and its authentication
and the whole conversation
of ufology and documents.
But in general, the big brush
is that there's some 3,500 pages
of UFO or Majestic documents,
spanning from top-secret code
word to top secret to secret to
confidential to some stuff out
of people's file drawers.
And it spans some 19 years of
leaks, from in 1984 to 1999.
So there's a huge
trove of knowledge.
And that's the
unusual part about it.
And then the next major event
happened in the Majestic
documents in 1994, when
undeveloped Tri-X film
was delivered to Don
Berliner, a famous Aviation
Week and Space reporter.
And that film turned out to
be the Special Operations
Manual, Extraterrestrial
Entities, Technology, Recovery,
and Disposal.
And that is the most damning
and the most compelling
and the most authentic
leaked Majestic document.
>>NOORY: How did
you and your father
authenticate these documents?
>>WOOD: There's a lot
of different approaches.
Some are films, some
are photocopies,
some are original, original
onionskin, original inks
and stamps and pencil
write marks, and things
you can do forensic analysis.
So you can look at the
forensics, naturally.
You can look at the provenance
of where things come from.
And you can look at
things like entomology,
the word usage, and
how that's done,
or do historical research on the
names and dates and time frames,
and try to find supporting,
authentic material
from the National
Archives or the FBI
files or other credible sources,
to bolster the authenticity.
But in some cases,
you can't do anything
because there's
nothing to check,
like the Aquarius,
documents, for example.
>>NOORY: Ryan, there are
several challenges to ufology.
What are they?
>>WOOD: Yeah, after a
long time in this field,
there's three big challenges.
So one is credibility.
Try to improve the
credibility of the field.
Is it mainstream?
No, it's not.
It's still marginalized.
Is it in The New York Times?
It is a part of the daily
conversation of life.
It's not.
Despite all the hard
work of you and Coast
to Coast and Beyond
Belief and so forth,
that's number one,
improving the credibility.
And the second
thing is leadership.
I mean, who's the
CEO of ufology?
It's a loose-knit
organization of people,
trying to do their best.
And everybody tries to
accomplish something positive,
and push the needle
forward or push
the ball down the court or any
analogy you want to use there.
And then finally, the
elephant in the room is money.
It's funding.
There's maybe a couple million
dollars spent in all of ufology
today.
And it needs $15 million.
I've outlined $15 million
at the last UFON conference
of specific projects.
If I was the CEO, I
would do a research
on this and this and this.
And so that's the number-one
thing that the "bad guys"
want to try to ensure that the
community is underfunded and is
not accomplishing more,
and digging deeper,
and exposing the truth.
>>NOORY: Who's winning?
The good guys or the bad guys?
>>WOOD: It's hard to tell.
I think I'm rooting
for the good guys.
That's us, trying to
make a difference,
and push the ball
down the court,
and try to accelerate a better
understanding for the public,
and to extract the technology
of UFOs in gravity control,
which is what is holding back
planet Earth's trajectory
to become the "cosmic
kindergarten,"
as Stan Friedman used to say.
>>NOORY: And his gray basket.
>>WOOD: Yes, his gray basket.
>>NOORY: You've got a book
out called Majic Eyes Only.
>>WOOD: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Tell me about that.
>>WOOD: Well, Majic Eyes Only,
I wrote it first in 2005,
in the middle of the UFO
crash retrieval conferences,
what ran from 2003
to 2009 or so.
And it had 74 crashes from
around the world in 2005.
And then I republished
it about a year ago.
And it has 104 crashes
from around the world.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>WOOD: Yeah.
And I suspect the real number
is probably close to 200,
because we underreport
China and Russia and Africa
and many other locations.
So not all of them
are real in my mind,
but it only takes
one to be, oh, yeah,
we really have crash retrievals
and alien bodies and so forth.
So that's what
the book is about.
And it's referenced
and footnoted.
And every case has an
authenticity rating,
from 0 to 5.
>>NOORY: I would talk with
Linda Moulton Howe a lot, Ryan,
about crop formations.
>>WOOD: Mhm.
>>NOORY: And she'd say, I
can't get all of them solved.
And I said, just solve one.
That's all you need.
And then all of the
others fall into place.
>>WOOD: Yep, that's
the exact same analogy
that I'm using for
crash retrievals,
is that you just need one good
one to make a big difference,
although Roswell's
been pretty compelling
in the genre for a long time.
But we need another one.
We need a more modern one.
My cases basically stop in 2008.
And we need a current, fresh
one, that's highly credible.
>>NOORY: Your book
looks at the 1941 Cape
Girardeau, Missouri crash.
Tell us about that.
>>WOOD: Yeah, I'm not
the primary investigator
on all these crashes, but
that particular case, I am.
So one of the leaked
Majestic documents
has a reference to
the '41 Missouri
crash and the testimony, a
deathbed-confessed testimony
of Floy Huffman, the
wife of Reverend Huffman,
which was the Baptist minister
in Cape Girardeau, Missouri.
He was called out to provide
blessings for three dead aliens.
And the police and fire
and everybody was there.
And it was all the
buzz of the town
of Cape Girardeau,
Missouri, where
Rush Limbaugh was a major--
>>NOORY: He's from there.
>>WOOD: Yeah, he's from there.
>>NOORY: God rest his soul.
>>WOOD: Right.
And his son grew up there.
And when his son had a
his radio show in Florida,
somebody called in and said,
what about this Cape Girardeau
UFO crash?
And he basically said, yeah,
there's a lot more to the story
than meets the eye, but I'm not
going to talk about it on air.
So it was a low-level
endorsement of its reality.
But there's a lot of evidence
about that particular case,
from aerial footage
to fire logs to--
I started this.
And Paul Blake Smith wrote
a book called Missouri 41.
And he continued on with
the research, as well.
>>NOORY: What exactly happened
with that crash, Ryan?
>>WOOD: Oh, I suspect that it's
typical of all the crashes,
where the military comes,
and they sweep it all up,
and they cart it all off.
And it gets taken
to Area 51, S4,
or a Wright-Patterson
BLUE lab, or some other--
more likely,
Wright-Patterson BLUE
lab, in 441, or
Wright-Patterson,
or some other secure
location, to start
analyzing the technology.
>>NOORY: I've
always wondered how
they have incredible
technology to get here,
and then they crash.
>>WOOD: Yeah.
>>NOORY: What happens?
>>WOOD: Yeah, exactly.
You have lots of
different scenarios,
from we shoot it down,
to radar interference,
to natural phenomena with
big, negative lightning bolts,
which are 10x stronger than
positive ones, which are common,
to oh, the aliens realize that
when you explode an atomic bomb,
planet Earth has suddenly
changed a step function in its
technological development,
and the best way to solve
the trajectory of planet Earth
is to seed them with technology
that just allows them to focus
on semiconductors or a different
pathway, or deliberate seeding
of a kindergarten planet,
or these are just
biological drones.
They're not worth picking
up, like in Ukraine, we
shoot down drones.
But do people give them a proper
burial and care about them?
No, no, they don't.
So the ETs may have a
different perspective
on the sentience of these
alien craft and occupants.
>>NOORY: The late
Colonel Philip Corso
claimed that we have
reversed UFO technology.
We've given it to industry.
They've played with it.
They've massaged
it a little bit.
What do you think of that?
>>WOOD: Well, I think it's true.
I mean, he talked
about fiber optics.
He talked about
integrated circuits.
night-vision goggles.
And he certainly
was highly credible.
He did what he said he did.
He wrote a good book about
it, The Day after Roswell.
And so I think industry
has been, in a mild way,
exposed to some aspects,
through patents and so forth.
But most of it is
all classified.
The Aerospace Corporation or
Bechtel or Northrop or Lockheed
Martin, in these
classified areas, EG&G,
these other corporations
have classified
contracts that are all buried.
Or maybe there's
some extra corporate,
not in the corporate
structure, organizations
that focus on this technology
and reverse engineering.
>>NOORY: Ryan, are we
getting eyewitness testimony
to back this stuff up?
>>WOOD: A few, I
guess, is the answer.
I'd say, we have
limited evidence
for eyewitness testimony.
I mean, you think of
Bob Lazar, for example,
with his comments in
Area 51 and Element
115 and seeing gravity
control craft, or Ed Fouché.
There are a few
witnesses around.
But I think that we need
more witnesses, and more
credible witnesses, with more
documentation and more evidence.
>>NOORY: Vannevar Bush,
from the well-named family,
talked to Franklin
Delano Roosevelt
a long time ago, requesting
funding for this.
Whatever happened?
>>WOOD: Yeah, one of the early
leaked Majestic documents,
basically, as maybe an input
from the Missouri '41 crash,
is he wrote to
Roosevelt and said, hey,
we have these "celestial gifts"
that we need to explore and tap.
And Roosevelt's response was,
well, hurry up, win the war,
and then we'll give you money,
and allow you to explore,
reverse engineer, and capitalize
on this unfathomable new
technology that they
want to try to exploit
for the benefit of the military,
primarily, at the time.
>>NOORY: Brian, what is
the White Hot Report?
>>WOOD: Yeah, the
White Hot Report
is another leaked
Majestic document.
It's basically the
report to Truman,
by Nathan Twining,
a General Nathan
Twining, three-star
lieutenant general,
all about the work of
analyzing the Roswell events,
all during the summer of 1947.
And it's a 25-page report.
It's got a description of
a neutronic power plant
inside, with all the
various elements.
And it's very damning,
in that it basically
summarizes, at a high level,
the research and development
effort that went on,
to analyze the Roswell
crashes of early July, of '47.
>>NOORY: Was Roswell the impetus
for changes within government?
>>WOOD: Yeah, I think so.
You now had this report, that
was dated September 24, 1947,
and oh, lo and behold,
we get the CIA formed,
we get the National Security
Administration formed.
We have a change, and the
splitting of the Army Air Forces
into the Army and the Air Force.
So it is definitely
an inflection point
in our government
organizational structure.
And I think it was driven
by these alien crashes.
And this White Hot Report
highlights, Dear Mr. Truman,
let's establish a
top-secret research
and development,
intelligence-gathering
organization,
called Majestic 12.
And so that's the exact
language in the report.
>>NOORY: It's an
amazing story, isn't it?
>>WOOD: It is an amazing story.
>>NOORY: Roswell, the crash was
on a farmer's land, Mac Brazel?
>>WOOD: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: What happened there?
>>WOOD: Well, it's a little
fuzzy, as to the exact,
but certainly, you seem
to have multiple craft.
One explodes on
the Brazel ranch,
with a lot of different shards
or debris or metal-like foil.
We hear stories of foil you
could pick up and crunch,
and it would come back to life.
>>NOORY: So like aluminum foil?
>>WOOD: Like
aluminum foil, but it
pops back to its memory shape.
And then there was another
location, Landing Zone 2, where
you had a more intact craft.
At the time, they called them
ULATS, Unidentified Lenticular
Aerodyne Technology.
>>NOORY: What a name.
>>WOOD: Yeah, exactly.
Well, it's a military name.
You get that clear style,
that it's ULAT 1 and ULAT 2.
And there's lots of names for
saucers now, or UFOs, or UAPs.
It just goes on.
>>NOORY: What was the
Kecksburg case, Ryan?
>>WOOD: Well, Kecksburg's
another example
of work that Stan
Gordon, who wrote a book
and did primary investigation
on the Kecksburg.
I think it was 1964.
This acorn-shaped craft
crashed into Pennsylvania.
It had all these hieroglyphic
writings on the side.
Leslie Kean did work on
that, and Stan Gordon.
And I actually had a remote
viewing project done,
about this guy Murphy,
who was a reporter there,
that allegedly took a bunch
of pictures of the craft,
and palmed the film,
but mysteriously
died in a head-on collision in
Ventura County, on Highway 101.
But it's just another
interesting, highly-credible UFO
crash case.
>>NOORY: Do you
think the government
is feeding misinformation
to all of us,
to cover up these stories?
>>WOOD: 10, 20 years
ago, I thought so.
Today, I think they
just ignore it.
And I don't think the
evidence for disinformation
or psychological warfare
is very strong at all.
There's too many
different sources,
spanning too long a
time, with such a varying
degree of quality, of
leaked Majestic documents.
There have been cases,
like Philip Klass used
to come, or Richard Doty, with
his problems, or Paul Bennewitz,
with his psychological problems,
that were potentially induced.
But I think nowadays,
it's best to ignore it.
But if anybody
really credible gets
at a higher and higher level,
you get some disinformation.
Maybe Grusch was exposed
to some level of that.
So the answer is,
for the most part,
don't give them any credibility.
Just ignore them unless
there's some real threat.
If you had real
crashed hardware,
if you had a part, a hatch,
with hieroglyphics, then
I think you're far
more in trouble.
>>NOORY: And maybe we do.
>>WOOD: Maybe.
Well, I don't know.
In the private world,
we have the arts parts,
the layered bismuth magnesium
parts, the small little part
that Linda Moulton Howe got.
And people are doing
analysis on it.
And it's really weird, but
nobody knows how to make it.
And it's not clear
what it's good for.
But there's an example where
you could get five people
to earn PhDs in, how do you
understand this potential piece
of Roswell wreckage?
>>NOORY: Do we have
craft capable of going
beyond our solar system?
>>WOOD: I think there are craft.
I think we figured out
gravity control in the late
'50s or early '60s,
according to my research.
And I really put it at the
doorstep of the Glenn L. Martin
Company, and George
Scott Trimble
Jr., who was part of
the Glenn Martin Company
and the RIAS Group, Research
Institute of Advanced Studies,
that Bruce DeWitt was
there along with Ruth
Arno and many other physicists.
So there was a lot of
research and a lot of buzz,
a lot of newspapers, articles
in The New York Herald
and an article called,
The G Engines are Coming,
and a lot of buzz, all in the
'50s, about gravity control.
But then it disappears.
It's not in the press anymore.
The companies of Lear
and Northrop and--
>>NOORY: Grumman
>>WOOD: Glenn L. Martin
companies just disappear.
>>NOORY: There's
always been talk
that we have relationships going
with extraterrestrial races.
What do you think of that?
>>WOOD: Well, I'd
love more evidence.
But there's the Holloman Air
Force base alleged meeting.
And we have these
relationships established,
or diplomatic relationships.
I am fascinated by the
work of Dan Sherman, who
wrote a book called Above
Black, where he said, hey,
I worked for the NSA.
I was, basically a psychic
communicator with alien races.
And we had a deal.
Basically, we get ET technology
and you can abduct humans.
That's what he said.
There's a lot more
to it in his book,
but he would be
very great interview
to find, if he's still alive,
or all his friends, or people
that used to work at the NSA,
who did that sort of function.
So I think that
there's truth to that.
But the evidence is shallow.
>>NOORY: What do we know
about gravity control?
>>WOOD: We know that there was
a lot of buzz and excitement
in the '50s about doing that.
And there's a lot of scientists,
who did a lot of work
on trying to figure it out.
Even Edward Teller
writes a paper, in 1976,
about counter-rotating,
spinning mercury or other heavy
metals as being a path to
change the nature of gravity.
People talked about
gravity insulators.
And it's been a conundrum
of the physics organization
for a long time, to
try to figure out
the nature of gravity.
But people got all excited
about string theory.
And all the bright
physicists went off
on string-field
theory, which may
have been psychological
warfare or misdirection,
to go work on that, rather
than focus on gravity.
Babson, a philanthropist,
put a lot of money,
in the '50s and 60s,
into gravity research.
And that work should
be re-accelerated.
If there was anything
I would focus on,
if I was going to
spend $10 million,
I would focus on
gravity research.
And that's rediscovering it
because the classified world
knows the equations.
And that's what we
got to rediscover.
>>NOORY: Don't some of
the Majestic 12 documents
talk about neutronic
plant information?
>>WOOD: Yeah, the
White Hot Report
talks about the
neutronic power plant,
and gives 10 points of elements
that they found in 1947.
So in 1947, they had
mass spectrometers.
And they could do a certain
level of scientific analysis
about the nature of what's
in a fusion-like power plant.
>>NOORY: What happened in 1952,
with the fifth annual report
on reverse engineering, from ET?
>>WOOD: Yeah, part of the
Majestic Documents is 1952,
they had this annual report, was
leaked reports, 15 pages or so.
But there's mentions of serums
collected from the Roswell
bodies, that can offer
unheard of breakthroughs
in creating biological
and chemical weapons.
That's like, wow, that's the
worst nightmare you can imagine
is, oh, let's take
some ET bodies
and try to make biological
weapons out of their bloods
and organs and biology.
>>NOORY: Or pharmaceuticals?
>>WOOD: Yeah, or
pharmaceuticals, right.
So I think that
that's definitely--
now, the '50s were the time
when that sort of stuff was
definitely in vogue
in mainstream.
Nowadays, it would be
extremely, allegedly, verboten.
But I think back then,
they were doing it.
>>NOORY: What was Item G?
Explain that.
>>WOOD: They take whatever
they can from these biologies.
When you have this
Roswell crash,
where you have this
hardware aspect,
and you have the
biology aspect, those
are two immediate
compartmentalization.
And so in the
biology part, you'd
probably try to
understand, well,
how do you do pharmaceuticals?
Can we learn anything, from
using the biology of the aliens,
to make better pharmaceuticals
or better weapons?
>>NOORY: Once the public really
understands the Majestic 12
Documents, from your
book, for example,
what do you think
their reaction will be?
>>WOOD: I think surprise,
incredulousness, anger.
>>NOORY: Frustration?
>>WOOD: Frustration.
It will be a range of emotions,
depending upon the person's
sophistication.
One aspect, people
say, I'm still
going to go to work
tomorrow, even if there's
aliens living among us.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>WOOD: But on the other
hand, some intellectual
would say, my God, this
could be the solution
to uplifting all of planet Earth
into a cosmic kindergarten.
And why haven't the
ETs made open contact?
Well, because planet
Earth isn't ready.
I mean, have we gotten
rid of all our nukes?
Have we fed everybody?
Have we educated everybody?
Have we cleaned up
the environment?
In my mind, that's the criteria
for starting a relationship
with advanced extraterrestrial
civilizations,
is that when you do that,
we'll show up and start to have
a different relationship.
And my prediction,
everybody says
disclosure's going to happen,
disclosure's going to happen.
I just think there'll be
limited, titrated hooey.
I think 2050, 2060 is
the more realistic frame,
when you'll have open,
clear ET contact.
>>NOORY: We'll be a hundred
years old by then, Ryan.
>>WOOD: I know.
I hope to live to the day.
But it's going to
be a long time.
Or President Xi could just
announce it or provide evidence.
Or somebody else could
provide enough evidence.
But it's a very damning problem.
The government tries to balance
secrecy and transparency.
those that's the back
and forth that they
have to do all the time.
And that's the crime, really.
>>NOORY: And you
believe the Majestic 12
documents are authentic.
But could they have been
created to mislead us?
>>WOOD: Maybe to mislead other
foreign intelligence services,
but if you're trying to scare
the Russians or the Chinese
or some other party
that, don't mess with us,
we got ET technology, we
got lasers, we got weapons,
we got all sorts of stuff that
may render your nukes worthless,
maybe you can slip that into the
spy world in an authentic way.
But what you have is this
broad brush of documents,
in varying quality, over
such a long period of time.
And they don't tell
the story of a threat
to other geopolitical
adversaries.
>>NOORY: At all?
>>WOOD: Not at all.
I just don't think it's--
I wrote a whole paper
on psychological warfare
and the Majestic documents.
It's in my book.
It's on the
majesticdocuments.com website.
And people can read it, and
get a deeper understanding.
>>NOORY: Have skeptics try
to discredit the documents?
>>WOOD: Yeah, from time to time.
I think of Philip Klass.
I think of naysayers saying,
well, it's not real because.
But anybody that says it's fake
because, well, that's exciting.
I like that.
I welcome that because
then we have something
to really talk about.
And every document and its
authenticity and its provenance
is unique.
And people say the first
annual report is fake
because they use the word
retro-virus, retro, hyphen,
virus, and it wasn't invented or
understood in the public domain
until several years later.
But when you actually
dig through the research
and find the medical literature
and find all the retro hyphen
examples, you
discover, oh, no, this
is a credible use of this
language at the time.
>>NOORY: You have what
is called the UFOdex.
What is that?
>>WOOD: This is one of my
new, fun things, is long ago,
I believe the way to fight
back against the bad guys
is to basically have
intelligence dominance.
This is war, basic strategy, is
I want intelligence dominance.
So UFOdex is a
repository of right now,
about 750,000 pages
of UFO documents.
About 750 books have
all been scanned
in an OCR, National Archive
material, FBI files, podcasts,
periodicals, all
the MUFON journals,
all the work from CUFOS
and Flying Saucer Review
and all of this.
And it's all in
an AI engine, when
you can go to UFOdex.com
and literally type
in any question you want, and
tell me all the disinformation
examples in ufology, or what are
the top-10 cases where UFOs were
seen sucking up water, out of
lakes, or any other question,
everybody has their
own perspective.
Some people like the
abduction phenomenon
and want to understand, well,
what are the communications
and messages?
What are crop circles about?
And you can ask it any
question, and it gives you
thousand-word, well-referenced,
clean, AI-enabled answer
from this knowledge
base that is unique.
And I keep adding,
there's only, maybe,
at most, a million and a half
pages of quality information.
>>NOORY: That's all.
>>WOOD: Yeah, that's all,
compared to dentistry,
which might have a
hundreds million pages,
or some medical profession.
So ufology is a rare
and bounded world.
And a lot of it is lost
to people's archives
and backgrounds.
And it's not clear
what is really
understood by the open public.
>>NOORY: You use a lot of
artificial intelligence
to get your info?
>>WOOD: This tool, UFOdex,
has this brain, this implant.
Think of it as a knowledge
implant into the AI tool.
It's a Retrieval-Augmented
Generated or RAG database.
So it's not just everything,
the way ChatGPT-4 is,
or something like that, which
gives terrible answers if you
ask it about, what's
Roswell, for example.
So it's a very
dedicated knowledge
with no hallucination at all.
So I basically
created it that way.
So it queries the
data set it has.
And it's still a garbage
in, garbage out problem.
That's why I'm
curating what's in it.
And there's a minimal
amount of stuff off the web.
And there's mostly high-quality
materials that are in there.
>>NOORY: And that's UFOdex.com?
>>WOOD: Right, UFOdex.com.
And I originally started it,
collecting this information,
at the crash-retrieval
conferences.
So I've been collecting this
information for a long time.
But I'm really accelerating now.
>>NOORY: What did you think
of the late J. Allen Hynek?
>>WOOD: Well, in
my father's files,
as I was going
through them all, I
found lots of correspondence
between J. Allen Hynek
and my father, Dr. Bob Wood.
And it was fun to read.
And they were very much
peers, communicating
about the nature of the
challenge and the breakthrough,
and understanding
what was going on.
>>NOORY: The late Apollo 14
astronaut, Edgar Mitchell,
God rest his soul--
we're losing so many of
these incredible people--
told me, George, I've been
told by people in government,
we are being visited.
And I said, Edgar, when
you were on the moon,
did you see anything?
And he said, no, I did not, but
I'm told we're being visited.
And I trust these people.
What did you think of him?
>>WOOD: Well, I
met Edgar Mitchell.
I think he's got two PhDs.
And he's been to the moon.
And he's a great guy.
And I trust his commentary
and his statement.
And it's just one of many.
I mean, Ben Rich, in my
book, UFOs, Who Knows?--
>>NOORY: Skunk Works, right?
>>WOOD: Yeah Skunk Works, 15
years ahead of Lockheed Skunk
Works, said at his
retirement, in 1993,
in a public forum at UCLA,
yeah, we have the technology
to take ET home.
We found a "mistake"
in the equations.
Wait, in equations?
You found a mistake
in the equations?
Human beings find equations.
And we now can do this.
And it won't take a
lifetime to do it.
So somehow, he implies that
we have gravity control,
we have time control.
And so that's a very
credible source.
There's many others.
A Wright-Patterson secretary
by the name of June Crain
is in the book.
She was 19 years old
at the parachute group
at Wright-Patterson
Air Force base.
And she was young and cute.
And the officers used to
come in and here, June,
look at this piece
of Roswell debris.
And it was all, try to cut it
with scissors, break it up.
And she couldn't do that.
And her comment to Police
Sergeant Jim Clarkson
was, by '52, I think there was
at least three crashes that she
was aware of, that she
felt hardware parts for.
This is just 1 of 185 quotations
in my book, UFOs, Who Knows?
And we had a great conversation
about that on Coast to Coast.
>>NOORY: We did.
Keep doing what
you're doing, Ryan.
We need you.
>>WOOD: All right,
well, thank you, George.
>>NOORY: Where do people get
the book, Majic Eyes Only?
>>WOOD: Well,
everything's on Amazon,
so you can go to Amazon and
type in my name or M-A-J-I-C,
Military Assessment of the
Joint Intelligence Committee,
Magic Eyes Only, or my name,
and you can get it all.
Or you can go to my websites,
Majesticdocuments.com
or magiceyesonly.com, UFOdex.
Or look at all the Majestic
Documents yourself.
Just read them at
majesticdocuments.com.
>>NOORY: Thank you for
being on Beyond Belief.
>>WOOD: Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: One day, we
will get the answer
to the UFO mystery because
of people like Ryan Wood.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching Beyond Belief.
[THEME MUSIC]